Issue: Automation Script for XC3 (#41)
XgridInc/xc3: README.md

>     git clone https://github.com/XgridInc/xc3.git

Reviewer: I doubt we need to update pre_req as well. We are creating subnets in terraform that should not be pre_req and same key pair and IAM role we are taking care of it in init.sh. Correct me if I am wrong here

Author: Subnets are created using terraform.
key pair is created using the pre_req file.
IAM role, we are prompting user in the init.sh file.

Reviewer: where is pre_req file execution command?
I suppose it should be removed from here then

Author: Removed from the readme.

    ```

2. Go to the directory xc3/ and configure the input.sh file and run the below command
    ```
    cd xc3/

        Note :

>             - Configure the input.sh file before running the below mentioned command:

Reviewer 2: @wahajXgrid Mention the directory, it would be good if you can provide an example, what kind of configurations are required in init.sh file/

Author: Done

    bash init.sh
    ```

3. Wait for few minutes before proceeding further for the application to come online.
    Verify the readiness of the metrics system. Load the Grafana URL in a browser. Live Grafana UI ensures the system is ready to accept and visualize metrics.

>     > Verify the readiness of metrics system by accessing Grafana UI: https://xc3.xxx.com/login

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > Verify the readiness of metrics system by accessing Grafana UI: Refer to the link provided in the output after successful execution of terraform apply 
```

>     > Verify the readiness of metrics system by accessing Grafana UI: `loadbalancer-dns`. If Hosted zone ID is not provided in `input.tfvars`.

Reviewer 2: this is redundant here.

Author: Resolved.

4. Now setup is complete. If domain is provided in the input.sh then users needs to be added in Cognito pool with requested role (admin/editor/viewer) in respective cognito group. User get random username/password from cognito then you can set password on domain by sign in using random credentials.

> 5. Now XC3 will run at 05:00AM UTC every day to generate data and populate Grafana. Few lambdas (Total Account Cost and Project spend) will run twice in a month.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Now XC3 will scrap the metrics at 05:00 AM UTC every day to generate data and populate Grafana. Few lambdas (Total Account Cost and Project spend) will run twice a month.
```
